and hello again everyone we are back for
some more sequence breaking action in a
game called metroid zero mission I'm
crying on and I have people yeah you
better have people with you this time
this is gonna take a lot more to deal
with this pretentious bomb jumping
bullshit bullshit yeah seriously did you
just have to like show off your giant
dick dear I mean yeah basically so what
I'm doing is just to get the car yet sir
really early you're not supposed to get
this to like halfway through the first
part of the game Oh half fucking
cheating huh I see how it is fucking
cheater basically just might as well
name this file gameshark oh my god yeah
name it jiggles after those little
course I love those cores you shoot a
man like I see ya I see you were
attempting a gray dias reference there
by shooting the core yes very good oh I
like I despair I know did you just be a
little good no not quite you need a
little bit the skills of my mom jumpy
even though I screwed up once oh yeah
this part really sucks if you don't if
you don't have the power grip but you
don't need it at all either where should
you get a ninja gaiden grapple through
everything that's paragraphs the best
part of this game and seriously come on
I don't you just play this game with the
fucking like do you just use the power
gloves or this entire game and be shit
man yeah I played all you are I play the
whole game with the power glove that's
how i did at the recording to anyways
here's the varia suit
yes tell us exactly what the various he
does because we're not being told about
it right now and its nitrogen every
Metroid game send the treetops basically
illiterate please just Telegraph the
whole thing we need this to happen let
me read it in an obnoxious for years
because that's what I do for fun but hey
this is showing off the very issue right
here well yeah there you go you're
showing enough right well Eric's hitting
son of AI it's slow motion to lava the
crack on would you please explain this
liquid that you're swimming through
because it kind of looks like pee I'm
just saying it's p lava if you could
also burns not unless you have the
various with a lava boots should we're
done with this part never have to come
up to this area again never again never
any fight croco Meyer well funny you
mentioned that he was supposed to be in
metroid zero mission but um well this
roof yep there's a sprite of them yeah
you can do a code and he just like I
think you'd like let's run in the air or
something yeah you can't kill because as
denisovans anyways more sequence
breaking yeah if this refusin you had
just been like jumping across the side
yes or a few words you can't do that
with a while driving can you uh well you
can do single wall jumps into your
mission but yeah yeah I do that just
wall jump up there I guess an Iraq not
decided just to do with the bombs well
the thing is i would need power grip to
grip onto again which I don't have yet
so I have to talk to Ricky can't you're
more familiar though you can but it's
tricky no it's really drinking that
you're saying you're not good enough hey
I'm pretty good at this game I'm not yet
a sweater tomorrow I don't like to do
that ESP
it's not like a lot of students are not
like you know me at the Super Metroid
ooh ooh i beat the game in four hours
where's what's your Excuse haha what's
my excuse for not I don't know I don't
know we'll find out someday yeah what
just up and actually the original
Metroid game to that used to be she can
cover that shut up here I'm trying to
explain some hard room I'll forget it
used to be the ice beam down there
wasn't yes yeah most of these had like
most of these workable pretty much they
were all the same fucking rooms yeah I
recall some of them had like I think one
of them had the ice beam something else
had something else I don't remember
probably the ice beam and then the long
beam the long beam I wireless which I
already had one p or 0 oh yeah video 0
well easy video 00 mission I got to go
along with it too so I don't make a
difference how clever I applaud are you
gonna reduce a fan fiction of a zero
fucking accident they only if you do it
here I don't know if I can stomach that
do well and I'm stomach being kick in
the balls twice and rabbit I'll do it
what if would enjoy wrote it whoa whoa
whoa there are some lines you only write
in mspaint yeah anyways i'll pick little
drawings go along with it so we can't
get a super missile yet cuz we have to
do something really crazy i love that oh
my god super that's right there yep but
it's a hell do you do it's a big columns
nope yeah oh let's just I won't spoil
anything all the crack on explain it
eventually but let's just say there's
there's a lot of crazy shit you have to
do to get that yep and that's not not
one of the craziest things you can do
game to get items oh yeah oh yeah
something later some of the endgame 100%
stuff if know if you were Pro you
couldn't get enough energy tank by being
hit by the enemy before mother brains
cameras spotted you awesome that's what
I used to do actually used to wait till
all the enemies bond over there and then
I just get hit right into the energy
tank I don't have the high jump boots
that wouldn't work in this case
unfortunately yes you can also get you
can also get that energy tank by just
wait until you get the ice beeping and
fries that a little little gate little
gate gargoyle head up anyways we're
gonna save oh wait no we're not we got
one more missile to get hired oh god who
is that like this good crackle why did
you lie to me I know we're friends an
idea for your good okay so that is it um
thanks for watching guys do you have any
final comments to bank Joey's a gorilla
yeah problem by wearing blue mule chest
alright thanks for watching much large
house until then bye rebooted i do do